c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ClassesAndStudents.dll.config
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ClassesAndStudents.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ClassesAndStudents.pdb
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\obj\Debug\ClassesAndStudents.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\obj\Debug\ClassesAndStudents.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\obj\Debug\ClassesAndStudents.pdb
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sergey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassesAndStudents\ClassesAndStudents\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
